fix(mTLS-auth) revise the inaccurate descriptions (#4113)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/mtls-auth/_index.md

the client is a desktop browser, which prompts the end user to choose the client cert to send and
lead to user experience issues rather than proxy behavior problems. To improve this situation,
Kong builds an in-memory map of SNIs from the configured Kong routes that should present a client
certificate. To limit client certificate requests during handshake while ensuring the client
certificate is requested when needed, the in-memory map is dependent on the routes in
Kong having the SNIs attribute set. When any routes do not have SNIs set, Kong must request
the client certificate during every TLS handshake:

- On every request irrespective of Workspace when the plugin is enabled in global Workspace scope.
- On every request irrespective of Workspace when the plugin is applied at the service level
  and one or more of the routes *do not* have SNIs set.
- On every request irrespective of Workspace when the plugin is applied at the route level
  and one or more routes *do not* have SNIs set.
- On specific requests only when the plugin is applied at the route level and all routes have SNIs set.

> SNIs must be set for all routes that mtls-auth was meant to be effective.

Reviewer: @ms2008 Just to make sure I'm understanding this correctly, another way of saying this is that SNIs must be set for all routes that mutual TLS authentication uses? I think the "was meant to be effective" part is tripping me up because I'm not sure what is meant to be effective.

Author: Looks great, and feels more fluid. 👍

> SNIs must be set for all routes that mtls-auth was meant to be effective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SNIs must be set for all routes that mutual TLS authentication uses.
```

{% navtab Konnect Cloud %}

Go through the Runtime Manager:

> 1. In {{site.konnect_short_name}}, click {% konnect_icon runtimes %} **Runtime Manager**. 

Reviewer: @lena-larionova @Guaris For some reason, this icon wasn't displaying correctly on my localhost, so I just wanted to check that I did this correctly.

Reviewer 2: The icons are in the helium PR, the helium PR was merged into main after this PR was created. You can see how it would look locally by doing a `git rebase main` which should look like this:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23319190/178533117-06f58c8f-9a4d-4421-9099-fa6fae3c425f.png)
